fix(README): Fill readme.md and add go.doc documentation (#2)
moderntv/recombee: README.md

# Recombee

> Recombee API client implements recombee API that can be found [here](https://docs.recombee.com/api.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Recombee API](https://docs.recombee.com/api.html) client written in Go.

This is a beta software, expect the interface to change.
```

Author: I changed the first paragraph. I dont agree to say it is beta since we use it productionally. It is misleading the users from actually using it.

The client is supposed to be used using batch requests using `Request(...)` method. 

The batch requests are efficient and saves outgoing traffic. However you can still use the `Request(...)` method per each request. 

> It will make single call with single response but using `/batch` endpoint.

Reviewer: I would replace it with a Feature section with bullet points describing what the library is capable of (you can mention batch support as well). This is the most important information for the reader/user.

Author: This says show the client is supposed to be used.  I refer to the endpoint that could be found in Recombee documentation. I dont see why it should be in `Feature` section

# Getting started
As recombee serves recommendations based on the user interactions, first of all there have to be inserted items and interactions. Afterwards the user asks for his/hers recommendation. 
To import recombee API client insert

```import "github.com/moderntv/recombee"```

to your code and run `go [build|run|test]` which automatically fetch dependency.

Otherwise run command to install package into your project

> ```go get -u github.com/moderntv/recombee```

Reviewer: This is obvious to everyone who has ever used Go before. I would remove it.

Author: Removed

## Example

> Example usage of recombee client could look as follows

Reviewer: You are stating the obvious, would remove.

Author: Removed

	"encoding/json"
	"fmt"
	"log"
	"net/http"
	"strconv"

	"github.com/moderntv/recombee"
)

type Recombee struct {
	client *recombee.Client
}

func main() {
	databaseId := "dev"
	token := "yourtoken"
	r := &Recombee{
		client: recombee.NewClient("https://rapi.recombee.com", databaseId, token),
	}
	var seriesID int64 = 123
	var userID int64 = 1
	myRequests := []recombee.Request{
		recombee.AddItem("123"),
		recombee.AddRating(
			strconv.FormatInt(userID, 10),
			strconv.FormatInt(seriesID, 10),
			float64(0.8),
			recombee.WithCascadeCreate(),
		),
	}

	responses, err := r.client.Request(context.Background(), myRequests...)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	for _, resp := range responses {
		if resp.Code != http.StatusCreated && resp.Code != http.StatusConflict {
			log.Print(resp.Code)
			log.Print(resp.Json)
		}
	}

	// Ask for single recommendation
	resp, err := r.client.Request(context.Background(), recombee.RecommendItemsToUser(
		strconv.FormatInt(userID, 10),
        1,
	))

	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

	var recommendations recombee.Recommendations
	err = json.Unmarshal(resp[0].Json, &recommendations)
	if err != nil {
		return
	}

	fmt.Println(recommendations)
}
```

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing
```

Reviewer: I checked github projects with this section in their README and found that all link to written guidelines. We don't have such document and don't need one at the moment. Instead the paragraph states the obvious. I'm for removing this section entirely as it relays zero information to the reader.

Author: Removed
